TELCODOCS-415: Use of openshift-sdn with sno is deprecated (#45830)
openshift/openshift-docs: networking/ovn_kubernetes_network_provider/about-ovn-kubernetes.adoc

A cluster that uses the OVN-Kubernetes network provider also runs Open vSwitch (OVS) on each node.
OVN configures OVS on each node to implement the declared network configuration.

[NOTE]
====

> OVN is the default networking solution for SNO deployments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OVN-Kubernetes is the default networking solution for single-node cluster deployments.
```

Author: Updated as suggested.
